feat: PC-12014 Support CompositesV2 (#194)
nobl9/terraform-provider-nobl9: docs/resources/slo.md

Optional:

- `components` (Block Set) Objectives to be assembled in your composite SLO. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--objective--composite--components))

<a id="nestedblock--objective--composite--components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `objective.composite.components`

Optional:

- `objectives` (Block Set) An additional nesting for the components of your composite SLO. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--objective--composite--components--objectives))

<a id="nestedblock--objective--composite--components--objectives"></a>
### Nested Schema for `objective.composite.components.objectives`

Optional:

- `composite_objective` (Block List) Your composite SLO component. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--objective--composite--components--objectives--composite_objective))

<a id="nestedblock--objective--composite--components--objectives--composite_objective"></a>
### Nested Schema for `objective.composite.components.objectives.composite_objective`

Required:

- `objective` (String) SLO objective name.
- `project` (String) Project name.
- `slo` (String) SLO name.
- `weight` (Number) Weights determine each component’s contribution to the composite SLO.

> - `when_delayed` (String) Indicator of how to interpret data received after max_delay is over.

Reviewer: The data might never been received even after the delay - so the story is not about delayed data it's about missing data

```suggestion
- `when_delayed` (String) An indicator of how to interpret the component not receiving any data before `max_delay' elapses
```

Author: Thanks, I missed that. Consulted it with tech writers again and now it's `Defines how to treat missing component data on 'max_delay' expiry.`. Is it good in your opinion?
